<!--Teen drug abuse leading to AA--><BR>
<BR>
I met what became my green God when I was about 12.  I remember being fully content with a few bowls of weed. Though my use was very progressive and I had to try every mind altering drug. The first time I did coke I was about 13 and I had found what I had been looking for.  I felt as if my head's comprehension level had been enlarged to that of universal understanding and peace. By this time I had to eat a couple of the big 2 milligram Xanax's and smoke a few bowls to sleep. I never did coke socially because my ideal high was sitting in my bathroom doing rails and taking my heart rate. I live in a prestigous area were money is green paper and easy to obtain. Things were spiraling out of control but I seemed incapable of reaching a low enough bottom. By 15 I had been kicked out of school for possession charges. Every day I would wake up and feel like a completly different person. I smoked weed like cigarettes and coke was litteraly making me crazy. I was starting to get the ghost people and my periphial vision was fucked. I even lost the majority of my vision in my left eye. I become very neurotic and scared. But I remained on the 20 minute coke plan and when I wasn't using I was even more crazy then when I was on drugs. I was incapable of escaping myself, drugs only relieved the craziness temporarily. I consumed anything and everything and I no longer had favorite drugs. They all did the same thing, momentary peace and a return to a even more fucked up head. I couldn't watch T.V anymore because I couldn't understand what people were saying and I had to much anxiety to sit down. I became very nihilistic and psychotic. Only two years before at a record young age, I was a published poet for a medical magazine. I felt like I was sitting behind everything watching a world I couldn't even comment on. I couldn't find meaning to anything and when I tried to think There was just this electric blur. My memory was so shot that I couldn't even make a coherent statement. I used to love to read and because I lost my sense of depth I couldn't keep the words from crossing. All I did was walk around my house scaring my parents and going on the occasional walk to my dealers. Then one night it all came crashing down. I had been consuming ecstacy on a bi daily basis and coke every 30 minutes for about 3 months and one night, I ate 4 tabs of Ecstacy and things were screaming out of control. If I hadn't already lost everything then I did that night. I couldn't tell up from down or put meaning to anything. My legs and arms went numb and I couldn't move to drink any water. The next morning I awoke and all I could see was a blue electric looking thing and I couldn't tell were I was. I passed out and awoke to everything criss crossing and going out of control. I was put on anti psychotics for a month and somehow I was to scared and fucked up to use drugs. I couldn't tell night from day and I found myself being put in a treatment center that I supposedly was screaming for. They didn't make me do anything for about a month and a half because I couldn't read or really talk. My memories of this era are very scattered and off with an underlying fear that I was never coming back. I remained sober through the miracle of the treatment center and my mind and my essential self started to come back. My severe hallucinations started to dissipate and by 3 months I was ready to begin school in a limited amount of subjects. By 4 months I slowly found myself comfortable enough to talk to other people and I began to gain my health through running, working out and eating right. My vision problem has remained a mystery but I'm going to an opthalmologist to see if I had anneurisms in my eye. My psychiatrist and neurologist say there was no long term brain damage. I'm nearing 6 months of sobriety thanks to the spiritual steps of Alcoholics Anonymous. I don't regret what happened that night because it got me to where I am today. If anyone thinks it's to late for them to recover there wrong, I was givin odds on whether I would come back or not and I don't remember my life ever being more peaceful and satisfying then it is today. All before my 16th birthday.