Alright, yesterday I had my first experience with psilocybin-containing mushrooms. My friend, who we'll call 'A', had been telling me about tripping on shrooms. He was always going out to a local cow pasture and picking them and eating them. But he knew what he was doing when it came to picking. His brother taught him which ones to look for around here and how to tell if they're real. So I called 'A' up one day and I asked him if he could get me some shrooms. He said he would and he came over later that afternoon with 4 bigger mushrooms and 1 little one. He told me that he weighed them out to 4 g. He insisted that they were safe and edible, and I trusted him. <BR>
<BR>
So the next day, when my mom was working, I decided to trip. My brother was to be my babysitter. So I prepared some of my mushrooms on a peanut butter sandwich, and ate the other ones raw. About 40 minutes after I had finished them, I noticed that I felt like I had smoked some marijuana. It was a little more euphoric though. I was beginning to have a killer body trip. Over the course of the next 20 minutes, my trip went uphill. I started to notice closed-eye visuals, and I felt dizzy. But then it just hit me. All of a sudden I started getting open-eye patterning, and my body felt like it was in quicksand. I went to the bathroom mirror, and when I looked at my face, it bent and contorted in bizzare ways. All around me on the walls were stars flashing. My surroundings were warping and bending. I stared at my face again: it turned into what resembled a type of lizard with an evil-looking face. I was like, 'Oh shit!' so I went to get my brother. But for some reason he was just sooooo funny and I started bursting with laughter. Then I looked over at a flower vase and saw a brief flash of the image of a cartoon man with large ears holding flowers. I told my brother, but he didnt really care. I called 'A' and told him how hard I was trippin. He said to drink milk to calm the trip down. So I did. <BR>
<BR>
But then my mom called. I started to panic. But I ended up talking to her and I did it without sounding suspicious. Then I went outside, and I saw a flower come alive and grow a mouth. I shook its hand, and moved on through the yard. Everything was still warping around me, and I was a little confused as to where I was in my yard. So I went over to pet my dog. The way he looked was undescribable, it was this look that I often saw while on acid. It was like everything that I saw had some deep meaning to it. So I went inside because I had to wash dishes. It was very difficult, but I did it. So I was still tripping very hard. I went outside again to throw the football with my brother. It had been 4 hours since I started tripping. He asked me if I was still trippin hard, and when I told him I was, he didnt believe me. I don't know why, though. Anyway, my trip started to wear off after that. I still had a little buzz the rest of the day. It was a very awesome experience. Peace out.