For anyone out thier on Prozac looking to see if they should do dxm i am going to give you the low down on how it will affect your experience. I have taken DXM in much higher doses prior to the experience I am going to tell of and can compare. First a little science for those who dont know. DXM is broken down my an enzyme called CYP 2D-6 into DXO. DXO is also psychoactive, but DXM is responsible for affecing your brains sigma receptors and giving you that out of body experience. DXO makes you feel more stoned. DXM also increases serotonin levels. More serotonin generally means happier. Prozac does two things. It inhibits enzyme CYP 2D-6. Now DXM stays in your body longer and does not change to DX0. This is important because a smaller dose affect you a LOT more. I am making this estimate with little scientific facts to back it up, but i would say that take your dose of dxm on prozac and multiply it by at least a factor of 2 to estimate the effects. Also, Prozac is an SSRI, and thierfore when dxm increases serotonin levels, your brain wont be able to get rid of the serotonin and it will build up to possiby dangerous levels. Now onto my experience. Prior to ingestion of DXM i smoked some cannabis, although not a lot.  While I am sure this affected my experience further trials woudl find that the cannabis did not account for the bulk of the strange events that would occur on this fated night. Im now done smoking and go sit down and ingest 350 mg of DXM. Not much i thought as i had done this before with minimal effect. I now have my headphones on about 30 minutes later and am listening to some music. I began to walk around and am enveloped in the music. After about 3 minutes I stop the music and realize I have been taken to another world. Everything looks the same now but I feel it coming on. I then sit down to watch TV and gather myself. Suddenly the world starts spinning. Are my eyes open or close??? I dont know and dont care. When I say the world started spinning im not making a metaphor, my field of vision began spiralling like some special effect in a movie as i began to see the room spiral. As this happened i was shot into the spiral as if going into a black hole. After going through this tunnel I found myself flying through space. Stars are all around me as im moving forward. Suddenly the space below me drops away and i am falling down and down deeper and deeper. Im not frightened as abrubtly I am shot back upward. I feel myself going higher and higher, I can see a darnkess I am moving toward. Not just a darnkess but an entity. Is It God? Is it heaven? Is it hell? I find myself too afraid to find out and decide to open my eyes. Back to normal space. But the dxm still hasnt kicked in fully. I lay down and am soon taken over by waves of what should be pleasure. I know that they should feel good but are in extreme excess to the point that they move through me and build up in my head. To much Pleasure. I wouldnt call it pain but an extremely unpleasent feeling that causes me to open my eyes and see my friend asleep next to me is a demon. His face has changed into an evil creature. I wig-out not because of the hallucination but because of the unpleasent waves flowing to my head.Looking back this must of been the sigma receptors in my brain going off combined with increase serotonin.  I am not afraid of anything, just really wierd. I call to my friend as he gets up. The hallucination is not like an acid visual or anything, everything in the room seems normal except his head is that of a demon. No wavering or moving of walls or trails. Just a demon. As my friend approached me I was semi-frightened and reached out to touch him. Just as I touched him he was no longer a demon and I felt his soul come into me in a big wave. The rest of the night consisted of me walking outside just waiting for the extremely unpleasent feeling to go away. Any time I closed my eyes I found myself being hurled in space toward the darnkess I had escaped. When I finally was good to go inside I had the most wonderful yet bried experience. Colorful Visuals passed through my eyes while closed. Huge open sky and the most beutiful colors flashed through me as if I was flying though the open sky. With my eyes open It felt and looked as if I was in another room, inside a rocking ship in the deck below. So is DXM and prozac safe???? My answer would be yes in small amounts as further trials found low doses around 250 to be not as intense yet very fun and still intense with some OEV. Start LOW. I dont care if youve done dxm before the combination is a different and can be a much more enjoyable experience. Start at 150mg. Dont laugh. You will feel something. Then work your way up slowly. If your one of those people who wont work your way up slowly then start with 250mg.