Since I was out of weed and didn't want to risk taking alcohol from the liquor cabinet, I went online looking for information about other ways to get high. I read on a web page that you can get high off of nutmeg. So the next morning before school I dropped about 3 tablespoons of nutmeg into a cup of water. About halfway through, the mixture was tasting worse than straight alcohol mixed with piss. So I poured in more water and some chocolate powder to try to null the taste. That did no good, so I quickly chugged the rest, majorly gagging when through. An hour later I was feeling a little more happy. An hour after that I was feeling like I had taken one or two hits of weed. I stayed like that for another hour, with only slightly more intoxication. <BR>
<BR>
Now I was in 4th hour, and I started feeling nauseous. I was fucked up, and feeling sick as hell. All I could concentrate on was how the room wouldn't stop spinning, and only blinking like crazy would make it stop. My mouth started watering, which meant I was going to barf. I tried so hard to cool myself, but I couldn't do it. I ran out of class barfing up the gross nutmeg and trying to keep it in my mouth with my hand so I could make it to a tiolet. I had no such luck. Right outside the bathroom, I let rip into the trash can in front of a girl I knew.  After I was done, I knew more barf would come up, so I hurried to a toilet and spat and barfed in there. 10 minutes later, I was done and went to look at myself. My face was pale, and only my makeup was giving it colour. My eyes were purple and pink and had dark circles under them. The effects were wearing off now. I was just infatuated with the way I looked. So while people were going in and out of the bathroom, I was just staring at my dead-like appearance. I felt lousy, but not barfy anymore. 20 minutes later, I had to barf. But since I was out of food in my stomach, I just dry heaved. I did that for the next 2 hours. When I was standing or sitting, I would have to barf. Only when I was lying down would I feel at least like I didn't have to barf. I felt sick-like the rest of the day and felt quite better the next day. But I wasn't completely healed.  That was the worst I've felt in years.  I thought I had a pretty hard stomach, but nutmeg sure as hell fooled me. I don't care if I'm told it has the greatest high the 2nd time you try it. I won't ever eat that stuff again. I'd seriously rather eat shit.