(Sorry for my english)<br>
<br>
I've read alot about nutmeg since 1 year, but I never found anyone who wanted to try it with me. I finally did! So here is how it started...<br>
<br>
It was about 6:00pm when we went to the supermarket buy our nutmeg, we looked like 2 bastards, buying for 10$ of nutmeg, anyway, it was still funny :) We bought ourselves water bottle cuz I eared nutmeg taste like crap. We went somewhere at the back of the supermarket and started eating our nutmegs, we each had 5 bags containing 15g of grinded nutmeg. We ate our first bag in one shoot, peoples were right, this taste like crap! We ate each 3 bags and decided to left, it was 7:00pm. When we both stood up, I felt a little dizzy, but not as much as I would have expected. We walked for 30 min til we arrived at the back of the school near his house, we ate an other bag there. We talked for 30 min with peoples, I started to feel a little drunk, only a little. I thought the nutmeg would never get me high. We walked for 3/4 an hour and decided to go back to the school, so it was about 9:30pm when we got back to the school, I felt very peaceful, and very relaxed, nothing more... We went to eat french fries, we were talking about how we felt, we thought it was crap, that it was some kind of joke that nutmeg was getting people high. Anyway, we went back to his house slowly, I droped the last bag on the ground, so did my friend. We went back to his house, we were both disapointed that the nutmeg didn't affect us that much... I got back to my house, took a shower, and went on the web reading stuff about nutmeg, I was wondering why we didn't got stoned at all. It was 2:00am when I started feeling REALLY tired, so I went to bed... My mom woke me up at 4:00pm telling me I slept all day and that she was going shoping. I waited until she was gone to stood up, I stood and walked a bit, til I started to see black spots, I felt on the floor and got a 5 min blackout! When I started to see again, I stood up and walked more, same thing, I felt and got an other blackout! I stood up 5 min later and finally reached the bathroom, I took a cold shower. This is when I realised I was stoned as fuck! I tried LSD, PCP, Weed, Shrooms, and I can tell I never got stoned like that! All walls were waving, the floor was like a huge cloud (this is what I felt when walking). I had so much open-eye hallucinations and closed-eye hallucinations that I couldn't tell if my eyes were opened or closed! Anyway, when I closed the shower's door I got those damn black spot and I started to feel really dizzy, I felt on the ground, again, but for longer this time, I would say 10 min. When I woke up, I went back in my bedroom and this is when I realised I took nutmeg the night before, this is when I understood why the hell I was having hallucinations! I felt back to sleep and woke up next morning at 2:00pm. I was still stoned, not as much as the day before, but I was still stoned as fuck! If you count that, I slept for about 35 hours and a half!!!!!(NO JOKES) When I woke up that day, I first called my friend asking him if he got anything the day before, he told me something like 'wtf man, it's been 2 days we ate that crap!'... I didn't remember I woke up and went in the shower the day before, I got flashback and I remembered it that way. We both had a HUGE trip with 4$ of grinded nutmeg. I think peoples who likes intense high should give it a try, it worth it, and for those who don't like to get too high, you can just take less, I would say 30g to 45g would be enough to get stoned. And for those who just don't beleive nutmeg can get you high, just try it dammit, you'll be surprised what nutmeg can do!