This was a very interesting day.  I had bought a pressed tab of what I was told was Ecstasy (MDMA) a few months ago at a rave, and I was waiting for the right time to use it.  My friend, D., inspected it and it met with his approval, so I decided to drop some or all of it at the Arts County Fair, an outdoor party/band event put on by the local university which I attended.  By the time I got in and faked my way past the supervisors into the no-minors area, it was around 2:00pm.  I walked around with my friends L. and M., listening to the performing band (Gob), and generally checking it out.  By 2:30pm (all times are estimates, as I wasn't keeping notes, which I should have damn it) it was high time for a drink, and I consumed a few ciders which I purchased happily with L's money (I am not very affluent).  Feeling more than mildly inebriated, L., M. and I went out of the drinking area to meet a few people we knew, S., A. and E.  At this point I discovered that E. was in possession of several ounces of prime Cannabis sativa, eight joints of which were smuggled past security, and a relatively large amount of cocaine.  Cocaine being not quite to my liking, I elected to help unburden E. of some of his marijuana.  I had smoked pot quite a few times before, though not for a few months, and this was some of the most concentrated stuff I have ever had, and I smoked several joints, far more than I usually do.  At 3:30 I was thoroughly detached from reality, my vision tracking was terrible and I was stumbling fairly often.  Voices and sounds seemed far away or very close, and it was hard to keep track of the passage of time.  I had one of my friends test my internal chronometer, and I counted to 24 seconds in 30 seconds, quite amazing considering my mental state.  I laid myself down on L.'s stomach and smiled happily for several hours, being occasionally disoriented by my friends' seemingly sudden appearances and disappearances.  By 6:00 I began to slowly return to baseline, as the sun began to set and I started becoming aware of the people around me.  I chatted with my friends for a while and had a cigarette, and it was quite pleasing, although I'm normally not a smoker.  At 6:30 the alcohol was ineffective and the marijuana was fading, so I decided to take my MDMA, which I split with E. since I figured I owed him one.  At this point my memory is a little fuzzy, but I ended up on a hill with another friend and some of her friends, watching the sun sink beyond the horizon and waiting for the MDMA to come on. When it did it was amazing, with a pure clarity and feeling unlike any other drug I had experienced.  I felt very open, and chatted a lot with my newfound friends, who were similarly altered.  I was conscious of my jaw clenching, and requested a piece of gum, which I received.  I relaxed in the luxury of my surroundings and smoked several more cigarettes, which were incredibly good.  Just breathing was an excellent feeling, and it felt good to be alive.  I consumed a hamburger and some donuts, which were oddly tasteless and good, respectively.  When the last band ended at 9 I was still quite up, and while the others had to leave I stayed and handed out flyers to the drunken patrons who were leaving (the promotions woman who conned me into this owes me a ticket still).  After I had handed them out I just stood there, shivering, slowly coming down, and waited for L. and M. to appear.  They did and I was glad to see them, and we talked while walking to a coffeeshop, where I consumed a large coffee and many sugar packets.  I was back to my senses by around 11:00pm, but feelings of goodwill persisted for over a day, and I was very talkative while I walked my friend home at 2-4 am.  I had no chemical or alcoholic hangover, and I felt only slightly burned out and sleepy the next day or two (my cheek was kind of chewed up from gnashing my teeth, but this bothered me little).  I was pleasantly surprised that I was not depressed, as I had heard this could be an after-effect.  The research I did helped me know what to expect, and kept me well prepared for the effects and possible side effects.  It was, overall, an excellent experience, and I am glad I had it.