OK... this was a very bad experience... its starts out at the bowling alley where me(Jonathan) and my friends Travis and Tyler were laser bowling. For all the people who dont know what that is its like one of the best things to do when your trippin. But as i was sayin earlier that day we had taken 8 coriciden and 12 dramamine... and right after we had got done taken them my friend called and he had more and he wanted to go laser trippin. so we went and we got there and took 8 more coriciden and 8 more dramamine. Everything was cool then we got split up and we were just chillin wit our other friends that we'd met there. Then about 20 min later we all got back togeather and it turns up that Travis and Tyler had went to have a smoke when they couldnt find me. So i asked if they wanted to go have another smoke so we were trippin pretty good now and just gettin to the door was an adventure.  The people there were all fucked up and there faces were meltin off and we were all seein it. Thats a normal trip for laser bowlin.  so we went and refilled our cokes and went outside to have a smoke.  We were out there and a couple girls came up to us and asked us our names and ages and if we were from there.  Of course we told them...lol... but as i was talkin to heather( one of the girls ) my friend Tyler started complaining of a stomach pain and his muscles were really sore.  We just thought that he was fuckin wit us or he was trippin or something.  Then all of a sudden he started shakin really bad.  I didnt know what was wrong until i heard a guy say that he was havin a seizure.  When i heard that i freaked out.  We were trippin really bad now and i was tryin to just close my eyes and open them and hope it was all gone but every time i did i just saw him scared shakin on the table turning blue.  Im certafied in CPR so i checked for vital signs and they were very faint.  I still didnt know if i was just trippin or not.  But then i heard the ambulance and i grabbed tyler to stop him from shakin and he was very violent.  It was uncontrollable.  Then he slowly looked up at me and his eyes rolled back in his head and his heart stopped.  He stopped breathing and was dead.  I closed his eyes... i didnt know what to do... then the paramedics got there and started doin all this shit to him. I was trippin balls and could barely stand and the cops were questioning me and i didnt want to fess up to trippin and takin all the shit seein as how im 16.  but it was a matter of life or death so i just told him everything i could while i watched his face fall off.(cops)(trippin bad) he asked me if i had done nething and i wasnt feelin bad and didnt want my stomach pumped so i just said no.  They loaded him into the ambulance and took him to the hospital.  He had started breathing again and he was ok.  Travis and me got a ride home from the cop and he was askin us questions the whole way and all i could do was think about where i was i didnt know what i was doin in a cop car wit the lights on and shit i thought i had just been kidnapped or they just busted me for possesion or something... so i just kept quiet... he kept asking me if i wanted to die(trippin still)i told him to shut up and that im not gonna let him hurt me. Then we showed up to my house and we got outa the car. He asked me again if i was on nething.  Barely being able to stand and not being able to speak at all i nodded my head no.  Then me and Travis not knowing my friend just died in my arms went inot my room and took a few more cori and dramamine.  Then later that night i completely forgot about what happened to tyler and i thought that the cop that dropped us off was his dad and that tyler was wit us.  So i was in the computer room and me and travis were havin whole conversations wit tyler... i was havin lil flashbacks of the whole thing and i was tellin the imaginary tyler that he just died and that hes ok now though.  Everynow and then me and travis would spark up an imaginary smoke and there would be smoke and ashed and everything one minute then id go to throw away the but and thered be nothin there.. no smoke, ashes, or but.  It was pretty trippy considering tha fact that i didnt want a cig nemore everytime id realize that my imaginary one was gone.  It was all in my head.  The next morning we woke up and realized what happened when tylers dad showed up wit all the empty bottles of cori and dramamine.  He didnt tell our parents were just not allowed to chill wit tyler every again.  It was a really shitty way to loose one of your best friends.  Im gonna go now on that... L8ER