It started at about 7:00 at night... a friend and i went to a party at another friends house.  I brought some alcohol and a small film container filled with dried datura leaves that i had gathered and dried from an Indian reservation in Arizona earlier that summer.  I had a beer or two, and a shot or two of hard alcohol... Some time had passed approximately an hour or so, and I decided that it would be a good idea to get out the datura.  Or jimson weed as i refer to it, thorn apple, whatever you wanna call it.  I had read that it should be mixed with weed to not be as intense as the drug is known to be, but at present i was without access to weed.  At about 10 pm, i got out the datura, and we rounded up a pipe to smoke it from.  Between the three of us, we smoked three bowls of the substance.  About ten minutes later i began to feel its intense effects.  My body's temperature skyrocketed, and i felt very disoriented.  I decided to stay around the party for a short time after, approximately half an hour.  By that time i had decided that it was time to go home, i was feeling a little nauseous and just wanted to go to bed.  I got my sober friend to drive me back to my house after i said good bye to everyone at the party and stumbled to the car.  I could barely walk, my legs tightened and it felt like the ground was moving, but we finally got to the car.  He drove me to my house, approximately three minutes away, and he helped me up to my room as he and another friend were staying the night.  I had him throw on some music and I laid in my bed.  I pulled the covers on me then threw them off because i was still burning up.  I lay restless in my bed, and had my friend get me a glass of water to try and cool off.  I began to close my eyes and it felt as if my head were jolting back and forth, my legs kept moving and i was severly stirring in my bed.  I eventually drifted off to sleep around 2:00 am, and got up for work at 7:30 am.  I went to work at 8:00 for an 8:00 shift, i felt disoriented and extremely under-rested throughout the day.  I had a very nice experience though, though it could have been bad due to the unpredictability of the drug and my inexperience with the use of this type of drug.  I hope that everyone will have an equally beautiful experience and that they read up on the drug before dealing with it...  I was lucky.