*** Please dont reject!!, rewording is neccesary ***<BR>
<BR>
My first experience with tryptamines was wiht 5-Me0-DMT, about three months ago. After just recieving the shipment, finally, at a train station, I packed a couple of crystals into the glass pipe and toked. I blew out some thin smoke and felt little effect. Then I put some tobacco in the pipe with 4 to 7 crytals and toked. I was overwhelmed with the intensity, it was like being struck by lightning, time seemed to rush and stand still simultaneously, my immediate  thought was that I had gone too far, what had I got myself into. Then I appreciated the intensity and controlled the hallucinations. This other trip report quote sums it up well:  'I think that DMT is as intense as any drug should ever get; I don't ever want to be more loaded than that. I don't think you can be more loaded than that and come back.' While tripping on 5-Me0-DMT, it felt EXACTLY like how a movie portrays someone tripping, throuh their eyes. After I peaked I started to feel half normal again, although I started repeating my speech, I could've stopped it but didnt want to. The major visual distortion I notice was 'visual echoing', for example when I spat on the ground, several more balls of saliva followed, however diminishing in transparency. After all that was over I needed food, I wasnt really hungry, I just needed somethign to do, so I spent 10 bucks at mcdonalds, I bought almost everything, except burgers. Overall I found my experience quite enjoyable and wanting to try more in the future.<BR>
<BR>
My second experience was in a park and I pulled the pipe out and had a toke, immediately I felt the intensity and it was great. After a couple of minutes, I went to a bigger park next to it, and in the middle of an oval, had two phat tokes with thick smoke. After that I didnt know what happened, but I awoke later not knowing what had happened. What happened was after my second toke, I fell backwards onto the ground and convulsed with my legs kicking and everything for 10 minutes, my friend had to sit on me. When I came to, I had a great trip, with slightly muddy clothes. I got great visuals, lots of color swirls and distortions, and this was a while after I smoked. Since then I havent done it again, due to lack of it, but more is coming ;)