Last night my roomate and I (Both musicians) attended a live performance of John McLaughlin's current Shakti ensemble of out of this world Indian cats. I have had many deep experiences listening to the Shakti material McLaughlin produced in the 1970's, including my first mystical experience which has shaped my life wonderfully; this occoured when I was 16 listening to Shakti for the first time and smoking some marijuana. So, we decided to take some woodrose seeds to enhance the experience. We each took the seeds gound up and swallowed in gel caps (3) at about 6 pm. At seven  we smoked a huge spliff and hopped on the subway to get to the theatre. By the time we got there and picked up our tickets I was starting to feel the effects:  giggling, desire to mess with people's minds(benevolently), perceptual changes, ect. We laughed excessivly and rolled around in the grass until we were allowed to go to our seats.<BR>
<BR>
We got to our seats (great view) and settled down, doing some rythmic breathing/chakra/third eye meditations to get the most out of our perception enhancement excursion. Soon the concert started,  and I must say, the experience entirely escapes description with language. I cannot think of a more perfect type of music, with the symmetries, geometry, and general rythmic sophistication of Indian Classical music, with which to have a psychedelic experience. I say I was flirting with a +4 nearly the whole concert. (I have only had one solid +4 before,with the little purple Hawaiian Panoleus specimen) The amount of information on a cosmic level that was present in this music was beyond belief, and I know that all sorts of information about everything was being downloaded into my brain. I had insights about yoga, attention, focus, and time that were beyond precious. I am at a loss to explain how important this experience was, though I know that you who have had similar experiences will know what I am saying. Truly ecstatic. Anyway, I strongly recommend the music of Shakti for psychedelia, especially the new albums and the live album from the 70's, with which I had my first mystical experience aformentioned. (the song title says it all: What need have i for this, what need have i for that, I am dancing at the feet of my lord, all is bliss, all is bliss.)<BR>
<BR>
Love ya, <BR>
Tom