It was about 11pm.  I had just finished smoking a fat sweet with my friends.  I was pretty baked at the time and decided to go back to my house.  Instead of going home and enduring yet another night of pot smoking and passing out, I decided to stop by the local 7-11 and purchase four pretty cheap whipped cream bottles, just to change my everyday habit of smoking weed before going to sleep.  When I got home I popped in a DVD and began smoking a couple more joints to achieve the couch-potato like high.  About 30 minutes into the movie I soon realized that I had 4 cans of nitro filled whipped cream cans, and began taking the tops of one-by-one.<BR>
<BR>
Now I had never done N20 before; except for the time that I went to the dentist, which was more than a decade ago.  I was a bit anxious and didn't quite know what to expect.  I thought to myself 'Will it be just like getting really really stoned?' There's only one way to find out.  I put the first can of nitro up to my mouth and began inhaling. What happened next defies existence as we know it.  About a couple of seconds into the first can I began to feel kinda awkward, kinda like I was getting real stoned real fast.  I didn't want to waste any time.  Immediately after I inhaled the first can I proceeded with the second, then third, then the final can.  While hitting the final can everything suddenly became a lot quieter.  It was like someone had turned off all the sound.  By now I had completely forgotten what I was doing.  The sound of a helicopter hovered by from the left to right.  I could no longer feel the whipped cream can pressed up against my mouth, in fact I could no longer feel any part of my body whatsoever.  I had absolutely no control over my movements.  My eyes were fixed in a zombie like position, a flickering kaleidoscope appeared before me and I thought to myself, 'Am I dead?'  I couldn't tell.<BR>
<BR>
I couldn't feel myself breathing anymore.  I was starting to float away from my body.  Time had ceased to exist.  And for this short lived moment, I was in a nitro euphoria.  As I began coming down, I started to regain control of my mind.  My mouth was filled with white cream that had excreted from the empty nitro can.  This was truly one of the most mystical journeys I have ever taken.