Background:  34yr old male - 155lbs - 100mg of powder MDMA<BR>
A friend of mine, who is a walking drug store, told me that he had gotten a hold of some X. This is unusual: he normally doesn't touch X, the DEA is in town looking for X, and he's about as paranoid as they come. He needed a front main seal on his car's engine replaced, so he offered me 1/10 of a gram (100mg) in exchange for fixing his car. (EZ Job) He gave me the X on the promise of fixing his car once the part came in. I held off on taking it for a week. I figured that I would let somebody else be the first on the block to try this batch first since it was slightly the wrong color and I had never done X before. The X that I had obtained was in the form of a light grey/brown powder. The part has yet to come in, but oh well, time to do it. It being a powder, combined with the fact that I had eaten 1/2 of a Jumbo pizza from Godfathers (18' big - Yes, I ate 1/2 of it), I decide to snort it, otherwise it would take forever to get past the pizza. I divided it out half and half, and did an allergy test by placing a few grains under my toungue for 15 minutes with a bottle of liquid anti-histamine ready. No reaction. Allergy test part II: I take about 5mg or so and sort it and wait 15 minutes. No reaction. Good. I snort 1/2 of the X at 6:45pm. OUCH!!! OW!!! JEEZ!!!  that burns the crap out of your sinuses - trust me. An almost immediate rush. Felt like I had done Coke almost, but no psychoactive reaction other than speed-like. It drips down the back of my throat, burning the whole way. Nasty, nasty taste. Nothing at all psychoactively.  I wait 30 minutes to make sure, and snort another 25mg, leaving 25 more. YOUCH!!! Again, burning sinuses and an almost immediate rush. This time, tho, I get some minor visuals, dizziness and a disconnected feeling from my body about 5 minutes after the rush begins. Right now, it is T +1:00 and I can feel something, but not much. I am sure that some dripped out of my sinuses and into my stomach to wait for the pizza to move out of the way. That may be delaying it slightly. T+1:20: I snort up the rest of it. Not as bad of burning this time. My sinuses must be getting numb. 1 Minute - no rush - 2 Minutes - no rush - 3 Minutes - here it comes, but not speed-like, but different. I feel very energetic, yet relaxed, but with the feeling that something is not quite right. I feel 'weird'. It reminds me of acid in a slight way, but not quite. Colors are a bit more intense, but my body feels like plastic. At T+1:40 I feel high and can barely type. My thoughts are much faster than I can type. I think of something I want to say regarding how it feels, but before I can type it, another, better thought has replaced it. As a result, I find myself constantly going back to edit what I had typed. Time is absolutly flying by. The last two hours feel like 20 minutes. I expected to feel my heart pounding in my chest, but I don't. Only two hours after my first snort, and I've consumed a whole liter of water. Goosebumps. EE-gads. A big chunk just dripped down my throat. YUK. I think it would easier and less painful to snort aspirin. I don't recommend this method to anyone. Now, other than a little worry from reading about a couple of people keeling over dead from this stuff. I'm feeling pretty good. T+2:00 WOW time is flying. This is a very subtle buzz. Unlike anything else I have done. X does not affect your mind to much. I can still think and censor thoughts and ideas, but something is different in my mind. Dizziness (slight), goosebumps and mild jaw-clenching are the only side effects. My body feels a little plastic-like. My heart is not racing. I feel light-headed and I feel like talking like crazy. And now it's getting very tough to type. I just read an article on PMA (paramethoxyamphetamine) being sold as MDMA. GREAT. WONDERFUL. Bring on some paranoia. Not the best trip I've ever had. I think from now on, I'll stick to bud and beer. At T+2:15, I feel almost nothing. I don't think that what my friend gave was X. What I do feel reminds me of a very mild acid trip. I am very awake with occasional hot flashes. My temp is 99.9. Hmm...  This is not very fun. I think I'll relax for a bit and see what happens. Relaxing is almost impossible. I feel like typing instead. I did notice that my sense of touch is a little more sensitive, but not much. Mostly it is a relaxed state of mind that flows freely unless you control it, which is easy. Mostly it gives a relaxed energy. The kind of relaxed pep you get when you win a close game of some sort, for example. There are times where I am hyped, and other times, sleepy; times where I'm tripping and others where I'm sober and completely lucid. Going on 10pm, now. The trip is definitely coming down. I am disappointed. I expected a lot more as far as a 'buzz' than this, and there were a little more side-effects than I would have cared for. I wish I had gotten some good, kind bud instead. Spend $20 on this? No thanks. Now I have to get greasy.