I took 12 Dramamines then just sat there on a couch in the blacklight. I totally forgot that I took them untill I started feeling it. At first I just felt like my head was weightless then my whole body felt like it became much lighter but when I stood up I felt like I weighed 3 times as much as I originally did, so I just sat back down. I remember I had no trouble walking places but I just hated it because it seemed so hard to do. I went for a walk outside with my friend because my other friend was gettin with this one girl. When I started talking to my friend I realized I couldnt remember anyting. I thought I finially lost my mind from doin to many drugs and I didnt really care.<BR>
<BR>
Then we went back inside and the room started trippin me out. Anything I focused on started dancing to this rave music my friend was playing. Then the feeling started getting more and more intense. Everything I looked at started dancing faster and faster, I felt like I was going to puke then I focused at this mushroom on the wall to watch it dance and my vision went completely blank, all I could see was black for a few seconds and my eyes were wide open. When I snaped out of it I just layed there listening to the music trying to stay awake. Then I started hearing sounds and voices that I knew really weren't there, like a girl's voice calling my name, it sounded like it was coming from inside my head, then I remember smiling to myself and thinking 'I'm just trippin'. I wanted to tell my friends about all the shit that was happening but I didnt feel like it, I didnt even want to move. I dont remember how but I woke up in the living room.<BR>
<BR>
Thats when my friend decided he wanted to take some so we each took 12. I started to get some crazy visuals. Then I started to ride my bike home and I was having no trouble. I pulled up to a stop light and noticed that standing next to me were 2 of my good friends. I started to talk to my friends but when I went to look over at them they had disappeared. I turned back to go find them and when I pulled up to another stoplight I noticed my same 2 friends were standing right next to me so I started riding home untill I realized they had disappeared again. It seemed so real. This kept on happening over and over untill I was riding down the sidewalk in a neighborhood I had never seen before looking for my friends and yelling their names and screaming 'Why'd you disappear!!' as loud as I could. Thats when I realized I had gone crazy and was really lost. I got directions home and spent the rest of my trip watching the ceiling moving around in my room.