so, im at the mall w/ my friend and he suggests we go trip on dxm. well, we go t othe drugstore in the mall and they only have 1 pack of dxm pills, whic hmy friend gets t ofirst. he tells me that i can trip off of dramamine, so i pick up 2-12 packs, planning on taking about 15. we go in the bathrooms and i decide to jus ttake 1 pack. i made the mistake of chewing them instead of just swallowing, and i get a disgusting, burning, numb sensation in my mouth. i go buy a root beer to try t owash it out a little bit, but my mouth is so fucked up it tastes more like sprite then root beer. i wait for a about 30 mins and by now my friend is already tripping hard. i get frustrated and decide ill go take a few more. Oops! i dunno what came over me, but i just took the whole damn canister. that makes 24. in about 20 more minutes i start tripping hard. so much is going on at the mall that all the sounds just sort of blend into 1 dull roar. i started getting visuals of people i knew, including family members and teachers. i start getting really paranoid and eventually i realize i cant feel my limbs. i noticed when i would move them i could feel the magasin but when i stopped thinking about it, the feeling just sort of dissolved. i found some other sober friends and hung around them for a while. i would attempt to say something tha ti thought was relevent to the conversation, but my friends would just laugh at me and say that it had nothing to do w/ the conversation. the whole time, i had had a sort of spaced out feeling and absolutely no sense of time. another odd quirk of the dramamine trip was that i kept hearing shit. i would hear someone say my name, but i truned around and no one was there. these hallucinations continued for at least a week. i also noticed my lower lip would tremble uncontrollably. when i tried t ogo to bed that night, some sort of computer keyboard appeared in my lap, and any time i tried to touch it my hand went right through it. i swear i must have been up for 2 hours poking a t that keyboard until i guess i just fell asleep. i was still tripping the next morning, not physically, but i was on the computer and i kept seeing my mom walk up the steps next to the computer out of the corner of my eye, but i'd look over and she wouldnt be there. after my trip finally stopped, my short term memory got really fucked up for like 2 weeks and i couldnt remeber anything that had happened recently. luckily , i regained it fully in time for school. i would recommend this trip t oanyone looking for something, different, just limit your dosage to a reasonable amount