Ever since I began using I've had an unquenchable thirst for learning about all of the substances that I enjoy, namely hallucinogens. I have looked for everything from Amanitas to Psilocybes, and many herbs and shrubs of the sort. Well I had no luck or timeing looking for most except Datura, and some others but this is about my Datura experience.<BR>
<BR>
Ok, next time I do this I am going to prepare a salve and rub it on my legs like Don Juan tells Carlos. This time I just made a tea, I boiled it until it turned a little bit darker than apple juice for about 30 mins. After that, let it cool then chugged it all at once not even looking back, I filled the glass up with water and kept my tea ball in to extract the remaining alkaloids, that water turned the same color, I didn't drink it as fast because I didn't want to purge. After a half hour had passed I began to feel a little dizzy or delirious, I went and looked in the mirror, no dilated pupils yet, then went back to my room I noticed everything looked sort of glossy. When I had looked in the mirror I even looked much better I thought. After a while I began to loose perception and I had to touch things just to make sure they were there, or that close or far. That's when the stuff really started to fuck out my brains, I was getting wierd ideas like someone else was in my brain telling me to do things, this was wierd because I would start to do something and then go do something else and then go do something else. It was like speeding and seeing yourself running around trying to do all of this shit, but none of it you really finish. Most of the time I was unconcious, I would sort of wake up every so often in the middle of something to tell my self to go to the bathroom or drink something. One time on my way to the bathroom I just stopped and was staring at the floor, my dad came out and noticed me in deep thought or so it looked, and he asked me what I was looking at, I tryed to say just the floor but my throat was so dry I could barely talk and tears of embarassment almost came to my eyes. He looked at my face and asked me what was up, I just said that I thought I was sick, he told me to do what I was going to do and go to his office. So I went in the bathroom and looked at myself in the mirror, my eyes had went from green to solid black, this wasn't new I've fried acid and shrooms, and been more fucked up than this. The only thing is Datura is alot different it isn't really an Hallucingen it is more of a delerient, I don't remember much else my dad said that I was pretty messed up, he said that I would try to say something and it would be bla bla bla, and he said that I would stare off into space forever, and was really not concious of anything going on except if there was a lot of activity, music, someone shaking me, lights, etc. If you pay attention to anything in this whole article I would recommend not taking datura before school, or if you don't want to make a fool of yourself, other than that have at it. Dilated pupils last two days after the experience they're not super dilated just enough to make light iritating and Another effect is I got kinda depressed after the experience, I was prepared for this though, so I'm warning ya.