After trying acid one night and falling asleep before my trip even started i beccame very curious to what a 'trip' was like.  So one Monday evening i decide to go to the local food lion and buy 4 bottles of robo MAX strengh and trip at school the next day.  At 10 pm i down my first 2 bottles '8loz' i go to irc and chat in the dxm channel at underworld server.  While im there i relaly begin to notice my music is relaly getting good i relaly get into it i lay back and the next thing i know im asleep i wake up feeling weird as fuck i felt like i was in a dream and that i well just its hard to expalin..Anyway by this time im so fucked up i decide to down the next 2 bottles 'bad idea' i listen to some more music excited to start seeing some good visuals...'more like Blackouts instead of visuals'  The next morning my sister wakes me up she tells me i have to take her to school iam not even able to to get up and put my cloths on i try but i end up with my head out my arm sleev and my arm out my head sleave..  My mom comes walking into my room aboput 7:15pm seeing im in the middle of my bed with my cloths not even on right she gets suspcious and just thinks im drunk.  Then she looks and sees a bottle of robo so i told her i only 'drunk 1' so she calls the posion control and ask them they said if i drunk 1 it owuld pass threw my system but i drunk 4 as i stated earlier so then latter on i tell her i drunk 4 by this time im just well its hard for me to relaly rember anything besides staying blacked out most of the day and begin in like a dream also i just felt totally weird my mind just felt like i was going crazy...At 11:00 pm i arrive at the hospital im unable to walk or talk they put me in trauma 'they didn't even pump my stomach' i stay at the hospital to 5:00 pm before begin took to the BEhavioral hospital  in fayettvile.  Wheni got there i had to sign myself in i can't even rember if i spelled my name right i could barley hold the pen.  So as im there i get this idea that im dieing thats why im begin put there so i start asking my doctors or nurses and my mom is i was dieing i really htought i was dieing very scarry feeling.  SO they take me to my own private room for me to sleep i sleep like a baby i wake up the next morning and im still unable to walk straight and my vision is still horriable by this time i start to think im never going to be right again im going to be keep in the hosital forver.  So all that i stay in my room bad idea so the doctors end up keeping me a whole week i didn't even have shoe laces..  All that first day i was in there i had to pee but i was inable to pee until the next day that was the worst part besides begin put in the hospital from the dxm.  Funniest part is i was actually convined i was gonna drive my self that morning after having drunk 16 oz of robo i had exams that week and got exempt from all heh.  I have continued my use with dxm but now the highest i get is 8 fl oz and i usally will smoke a whole fat one with it which is like heaven:)  Well anyone eles who would like to try it 'please don't do so much at one time for your first time!!' as i realize now that was really stupid but hey i was to fucked up to realize it: so hide the shit from yourself heh.<BR>
Quantic