<!--DXM and hypoglycemia don't mix. parts of this rubbed me the wrong way--><BR>
<BR>
About a year ago I heard of this great new hallucinagen dextromethorphan.  I went ahead and waited a few months to see if there were any exteme side effects or risks. Seeing none, I decided it was worth a try.<BR>
   My first experience with DXM involved drinking a bottle of Robutussin DM and vomiting for a while.  Undaunted, I decided to give it another chance a few weeks later.  Thinking my problem lay in my choice of mediums, I obtained some dex pills from a friend who had a prescription for them.  The dose suggested by the contact: 8-10 pills.<BR>
   Having a health condition called hypoglycemia (low blood-sugar), I always eat nutritious food, especially before using any sort of recreational chemical.  Even sober, a low blood-sugar attack can cause fainting.<BR>
   Everything appeared fine until about an hour and a half after I dosed.  Suddenly, the world flipped around and I found myself on my back, unable to speak, fighting to hold down a meal.  I could feel the drop, knew I was in trouble; I stayed consious throughout the next three hours of nightmare.<BR>
   Somehow, I managed to get up off of the floor and lose the battle with my stomach into an appropriate toilet.  It was at this point that I noticed the repettitive twitches throughout my body.  Hell had begun to rise.<BR>
   When the vomiting ceased, my blood-sugar had dropped to the point that I should have fainted.  Perhaps the dex kept me up; but it certainly was a treat to be concious of my friends, all of whom were also on dex, trying to help.  They all knew of my condition and what to do about it, the only trick was getting protein-rich foods to stay in me.  This proves not to work, and I begin to slip away, all the while screaming out for a stimulant to bring me out.  This came out as a quiet jumbled mess as I had very little strenth left, but someone remembered the vial of adrenalin in the refridgerator.  It was for her mother's allergy to bee stings, but it was winter and all the bees were gone.  Somehow, I managed to instruct them the right way to load the syringe and shoot me up w/o killing me in the process.  The stuff was made for injection into the heart, but I wasn't going to let shaky, scared, tripping people shove any needles into my heart.  To make a really long story just kinda long, I came back down that long black tunnel and ate some beans.  Eventually, I came out of the bathroom and had a decently enjoyable time with my semi-functioning brain and a head still full of dex. I felt like a marionette, what with the 'dex walk' as my friends called it.  No cosmic moments, but several defining ones, such as finally seeing my reflection in the mirror as my two friends held me up to it and exclaiming, 'Hey, I look like shit!' That was the first intelligable phrase I had said since this episode began.<BR>
   This drug is a powerfull one, but not one that I will ever do again. In fact, as hypoglycemia is fairly common, I wouldn't suggest using DXM to anyone.  You might not even know you've got it.  I was just lucky enough to have people around who knew what was wrong and what to do.  Otherwise, maybe it would be my mother typing this now, just like that other one.  If you do it, do it extremely carefully. Or even better, not at all.