Recently, I ordered 30 grams of Yellow Fly Agaric mushrooms. I started off by eating two caps and continued to eat two caps every hour because I wasn't feeling anything. After consuming 20 grams of mushrooms, caps primarily, I started sweating for no reason an hour after consuming the last cap. I changed into something cooler. I then started getting the cold chills. I just couldn t decide if I was hot or cold and couldn t relax. I kept shaking from the cold but felt totally hot at the same time. Once this went away after two hours from when the last cap was ate, the started getting a mild drunk feeling. It was much more pleasant and euphoric than being drunk. As for the hallucinogenic qualities, they are hard to explain. <BR>
<BR>
Everything looked like it was moving around, but I couldn t tell you one specific object that moved at any one time. I had some hallucinations of size. When one of my friends stopped by when I was peaking, his head just appeared to get smaller and further away then it was when I talked to him. Whereas, when I was sitting on the couch, the coke can on my roomate s desk got bigger and appeared closer than what it actually was. I was much more aware of color and sounds but no where as near as much as when on LSD. As for my behavior, I m pretty sure it was different than that of any other persons. When I get hyper, I tend to act pretty nuts around people. The mushrooms made me very energized, so I was going around wanting to pick a fight with everyone on my dorm floor. I was joking around for the most part. I was also moody. I d go from being totally smiley and giggly to being pissed off at the world. I also had trouble holding back what I wanted to say. I got my roomate so mad because I kept calling him a queer over and over because I was bored. Video games were enhanced greatly. <BR>
<BR>
Rainbow Road on Super Mario Kart was never interesting to me before, but it was so neat while on fly agaric mushrooms. The best way to describe the effects of these mushrooms was delirium. I was basically delirious the whole time and most of the effects seemed to be in the mind. I was still pretty messed up when I went to sleep. I had no trouble sleeping, but the next morning I had a mild hang over similar to that of alcohol. I believe it was a great experience and was worth the experimentation, but I think I will stick to psilocyban mushrooms.