I am what society would label as a typical yuppie. A 30 year old independent middle class woman whom had all the advantages of a spoiled and fortunate childhood. I started using drugs around 18 just for experimentation purposes, while all my friends where too scared or too reticent to try any new things I never possessed the fear of addiction or was scared off by horrifying stories told by worrisome parents and media. I first started smoking pot, and it was cool, but I always knew it was not my drug of choice. I tripped on mescaline, did shrooms, but they took over my thoughts and were too overwhelming for my tastes (more like dreams). I liked to keep my mind, sort of speak. I initially started snorting coke when I first met my X boyfriend (I was 18 at the time). I knew I found what I was looking for. I could now party all night with the best of them, I could drink and play poker till dawn while the rest of the crew crashed or hung over the toilet puking their shots up. <BR>
<BR>
Let me just state for the record - this is not a sad sob story and I don't end up an addict begging you not to make the same mistakes I did. On the contrary - I want to convey to the world that there are people who can use cocaine whom can wake up the next day and not want more. Actually after a night of partying the last thing I want to do is more coke. I want to hang out recuporate all day and watch TV - coke is the farthest thought from my head the day after. Most of the time while coming down I think to myself why the fuck did I do this - I can't sleep, it is 5:00 AM and the sun is coming up and I have such a headache. That is the worst part of cocaine - the coming down - it is not so much at that point you want more because at that point it is over but you feel like you are in between. Your body is fatigued and you want to sleep but your heart is racing, your mouth is dry, your lips feel like they are going to fall off and your eyes are so bloodshot that you don't even wanna look in the mirror. Sounds pretty pathetic, huh? But you finally fall asleep and wake up about 5 PM the next day, you take a shower and considering you haven't eaten-you raid the fridge. Sometimes it is worse than others - sometimes if you drink enough and snort in the beginning of the night you can actually pass out and sort of bypass the 'coming down'-that is what I strive for on my weekend party extravaganzas. <BR>
<BR>
Why do I do it? Because nothing in the world feels better than snorting your first line! You get psyched just thinking about it! It gets you going and as far as all you 'potential addicts' are concerned - I think it starts in your mind.I mean I am not saying that when you are actually doing the drug you don't always want another line-because you do - but waking up the next morning and wanting to get high again I just can't fathom. If you know you have an addictive personality this is surely not the drug for you. But for those of us whom can deal with the 'weekend usage for recreational purposes' it is absolutely the ultimate partying tool.