hil and me have always been into drugs, but for the longest time we had really chilled on it. but now it was different, it was summer and we didn't have to be around all the people who made it so we had to chill. we went to this dance club for people 21 and under, after, we hooked up with some of our guys friends and a couple of more chicks. we ended up behind this group of stores, everyone there was on acid, cranc, they were drunk..you name it and it was there.<BR>
<BR>
well these other girls showed up, and hil and me just clicked with them. we spent about a week with them non-stop before they took us to party with 'their croud'. at first we kinda nervous, i mean these people were gang members; not that hil and me weren't use to gangs, we were, but we had never met these guys before. anyways...one of them pulled out a huge sack of buds, so for bout an hour we smoked bud non-stop. but hil, april (one off those girls we ment), and me were getting bored, this weeed was killing our 'tweekyness'. for the past week all we had done was cranc, weed was bringing us down. finally april told this guy named jon to pull out the heavy shit, so he did. for the next 8 hours we sat in that house smoking and snorting lines of cocaine and cranc. <BR>
<BR>
hil smoked more because that was how she was taught, but i felt weird smoking it 'cause i never really did. we were so spun after about an hour that we just sat there on this girl's couch smoking about 2 packs of cigs, just staring. we couldn't talk, ever time we looked at each other we would just smile. jon was going crazy because we wouldn't talk to him. we didn't not talk to him on purpose, we tried, well at least i did. when we finally left it was about ten in the morning, we had arived at like 8:30 or 9:00pm. damn time really flew by that night. anyways..later when i had to be home by myself for a little while, while every one went home to take a shower i started to come down because i started to get really ancy. everything was making me nervous. i felt like complete shit within an hour, and all i remeber of that time is sitting out in my drive-way on the phone with my good pal nikki, and brian cryen' so hard. i never wanted to go through that again. no words can explain that feeling. i had come down before but this...this was too much. <BR>
that was 5 months ago, today i'm back at my mom's house far way from hil for the school year for different reasons, and now with my new pal jamie i am still doing coke and crank. i know it is wrong but i love it. i just hate coming down, so i never let myself. someday this is gonna catch up to me, i know that too, but for now i am stuck. so to all you out there i give you this piece of advice...go ahead and TRY it, but make sure you level yourself. don't get caught in it... the 'speed lane' really isn't that great. i don't care who you are. i live the 'speed lane' and it really sucks dick.