I had been planning for this evening for a while and brought a passifier with me in preparation, and I also consumed 4 orange cough drops for the vitamin C to be in my stomach before I dropped the pill to minimize the time it would take for the substance to affect me.  About 10 to 15 minutes after swallowing I began to feel very free and happy.  The increased touch sensation set in quite quickly and I peaked about 10 minutes after that on my way into the rave.  <BR>
<BR>
I began to panic, became incredibly frightened with no apparent reason, and felt my entire body quivering.  I was told my pupils were very dialated and that my eyes would roll back into my head some.  My teeth were chattering beyond control and I could not stop talking...telling my friends how much I loved them.  I then began to participate in dancing and stayed at a controllable level for about 2-3 hours.  I found lights incredibly interesting to stare at and tried to stay surrounded by people at all times.  I then drank some water since my mouth and throat felt very dry and retired to a more open area with a friend (did not want to be without at least someone I knew).  <BR>
<BR>
I took some hits off a friend's clove cigarette and thoroughly enjoyed the feeling even though I almost never smoke at all.  By this time the sensations would go away completely for 5-10 minutes at a time then come back at a slightly less extent each time for about 10-15 minutes at a time.  This lasted at least three hours (even while I was driving back, but didn't feel I was putting myself or others in any danger)then I went to sleep (not a problem).  The next 2 days I felt very relaxed and extremely neutral in feeling (not happy or depressed), and I wasn't hungry for a long while (but ate some anyway). It's been about two weeks since and when I think about the sensations enough(ex: while writing this), I will still experience my teeth chattering and a weak butterflies-in-my-stomache sensation (pehaps just the power of suggestion), but I have noticed that this feeling has become less with time.  I feel that it was a positive experience, although I'm worried about the exact contents of the pill.