It was about 8 months ago and my sister and her friend were talking about acid. I never did any drugs except for mary j. I heard so much cool things about it and wanted to try it if my friend would do it with me which he agreed to do. It was a Friday night and a dude named JJ was going to be at my neighbors house and he was going to have a type of acid called 'baby blues', they were supposed to be better than paper hits of acid. They cost almost twice as much (blotter paper costs $3). We paid and were so excited when we got to my house with the acid we took them, it was about 8 o'clock. We prepared everything so we could have an awsome experience. We bought glowsticks, brought over his blacklight and posters and so forth. I didn't notice anything kicking in after 45 minutes and was getting impatient. We suddenly laid on the ground and stared at the posters laughing, I thought that that was going to be like that for the rest of the trip, it wasn't. After an hour since we took the acid my friend Little D started staring at his hand, he told my to come over there and look at his hand so I did and I noticed what he was talking about. His hand would become horrificly misshapen. It wasn't scary though I was kind of happy that I started to trip. We went to the mirror and looked at ourselves, we were transforming into trolls or something it looked really weird. The whole night everything had something to do with trolls and it felt like we were in a different universe, like a parallel universe or something. I had no track of time.<BR>
<BR>
It was about midnight I guess when we started playing with glowsticks. My sister and her friend babysat us. They even gave us each a pacifier to chew on (I always need something good to chew on). We turned on my CD player and played all sorts of music, it all sounded really awesome. I could feel the music pass through me. Everything looked 2-D. All of a sudden Little D put in Slipknot. That was just freaky. Everything looked like I was in the desert and every song on that CD is like totally evil when you're trippin. We soon found something else to do but kept the CD player running.<BR>
<BR>
There is a secret song on that CD if you fast forward to the end of the disk but since we let it play through we didn't even know that the CD player was on because we weren't paying attention. My friend thought there was an evil spirit murderer of some sort trying to kill this little girl who was communicating to us by the radio. Kind of like Poltergeist the movie with that girl and the TV. By now it was early in the morning and we went to sleep. I thought the experience was awesome, I never could get Baby Blue's and I usually have red geltabs (red windowpanes). But I can't even get those anymore and I don't know why. Oh well I will get acid again one of these days and when I do I'm taking alot and it will probably be black geltabs.