HUMOROUS AND FAIRLY WELL WRITTEN BUT I JUST CAN'T BRING MYSELF TO DISPLAY AN ODE TO 'LIQUIDING'. GOOD ENOUGH FOR CELLAR THOUGH.<BR>
<BR>
I've always felt that I had a psychedelic bent to me, that I was meant to enjoy substances like acid and mushrooms.  I've been a pothead for two years and have always liked best the psychedelic and mind-expanding aspects of the holy herb.  Anyhow, over the last year, I've significantly expanded my experimentation... first ecstacy, then mushrooms, and then, two nights ago, I had the opportunity to drop acid for the first time.<BR>
Saturday night was the night of Winter Wonder, a massive professional rave in Chicago.  Most of the music was hardcore and jungle.  I went there with a best friend, and had the time of my life (I was also sober).  It was my second party (the first one in contrast had been pretty dead), and I enjoyed every aspect of it... the psychedelic atmosphere, the massive gathering of people my age group having a great time, the music, the glowsticks... everything was ILL.  Anyhow, halfway through I start looking for pills.  I've dropped ecstacy a total of four times before, and always enjoyed it, so I thought it would be a nice addition to the experience.  I ask one dude who had complimented me on the shirt I was wearing whether he could get me some pills, and he directed me instead to his friend who was selling liquid acid.<BR>
One kid held up a lighter while his friend dropped a single little droplet of a bluish substance on my hand out of what looked like a Binaca bottle.  The minute from when he started squeezing the bottle to when the acid dropped on my hand felt like a millenium, and I remember thinking ... this is the point of no return, I either stop him before it drops or I take the shit and see what happens.  Anyhow, I lick it up.  It's all minty-fresh, and he says it should hit me in an hour.<BR>
Anyhow later, right when my acid should be kicking in, my ride decides he is tired and wants to go home.  I go up to the dealer first and complain, and he acts surprised... he honestly expected me to be tripping.  I kind of knew right then that he probably had given me real acid because a truly shady dealer who wanted to rip you off wouldnt stay in the same goddamn spot!  Anyhow, we get back to my friend's house.  In the car on the way over, I notice I'm starting to feel giddy and laughing at a lot of shit, but I just attribute this to leftover 'rave energy'.  Back in my friend's room, we start toking a few bowls.  Right then, I notice a new sensation coming on.  I start feeling like I'm shrooming a little bit... everything I see starts flowing a tad, I start to see motion, colors and music are enhanced, and I tell my friend 'I am definitely on something... I think that acid was real'.<BR>
Turns out it was most definitely fucking real.<BR>
First off, I start feeling like I'm on a combination of several rolls and a shitload of bong hits.  I feel great and I'm tripping out on EVERYTHING.  His sister has a wall covered with psychedelic rave flyers, and I can't take my eyes off it as they start to transform and flow and colors start to move around.  I start to dissect every sound in the jungle music my friend is playing on his stereo (Dieselboy will always be my friend from now on)... music turns into a shimmering landscape of sound, exquisite.  The whole thing is feeling like shrooms, except a lot more fun, a lot more visual... snd very hippy-ish (i don't know why, but I just felt that way).  Anyhow, my friend's getting tired... he turns off the lights and I take out the glowsticks, still going strong, from the party.  That's when the real fun and the deep thoughts start.<BR>
I start thinking about my experiences at the rave party.  Suddenly every little moment from my memory only hours earlier and every little bit of visuals and music coming into me right now all combine and everything starts to make sense.  I start to realize what's so cool about raving, how it's a totaly psychedelic experience, how I could be at home in that scene for the rest of my life.  Liquiding with glowsticks becomes insanely fun as I am getting mad tracers and the glow patterns are swirly and wavy and shit.  Everything starts to feel just right, like what I experienced at the rave is just the way things should be, how I should go back and back.  My friend falls asleep, and after about 30 more minutes of liquiding (I seriously couldn't stop), I move into the other room.<BR>
I want to add a few notes on liquiding.  I actually remember how I was describing it (and I still think it is just about the most fulfilling activity you can partake in while tripping acid).  My trip itself was kind of like a plasmic space, a little beyond my body, almost like a deep aura.  With liquiding I almost felt like I was feeling out its boundaries with my hands, expressing the psychedelic thrusts of my consciousness.  It was mad fun.  Anyhow, I am alone for the remaining few hours and I am still tripping hard.  The fact that I didn't have a bad trip, despite the fact that I am alone and I am on a drug I have never tried before which has been known to make many people freak out only reinforces my perception that I am meant to have lots of fun with psychedelic drugs.<BR>
I go into my friend's other room and chill with his cats, and start to realize just how crazy his cats really are.  They keep fighting and doing weird shit and bumping into walls and I am just laughing and laughing.  In fact, I had been laughing mad-style ever since I started tripping.  Everything that had been scary on shrooms was just funny on acid.  And by scary I don't mean like bad trippy, but just any sudden sound on shrooms used to make me freak out for half a second, you know shock me and make me jump.  I was real edgy on shrooms, but on acid, every time I heard a sudden sound, I felt like I had almost expected it half a second before, and automatically knew where it was coming from, what it was, and not to be afraid.  Instead, I chilled with and laughed at everything I was hearing and seeing.<BR>
I get back into my friend's room and have the only true hallucination of the night, as he turns white and plastery and shrinks.  Also, his head would turn momentarily and glare at me before going back to its originally sleeping position.  I find this disturbing at first, but funny later.  I start looking for cigarettes (I am quite a smoker), and go through a pile of Bidis in my jacket pocket, every single one of which was broken in a way that I couldn't smoke it.  I was left jonesing all night... for a while I was clutching a bidi in one hand and just lying in one position for about an hour.  I think I might have even slept an hour or two as I noticed it was daylight when I again raised my head.  Anyhow, I was still tripping, and noticed how cool all the buildings looked outside his high-rise apartment window, and how all the heating smoke would blow out of chimneys in rhythm with the music I was listening to and shit.<BR>
I started coming down and feeling a massive back-ache and stomachache.  Eating food helped the stomachache somewhat, but I knew I was jonesing for a cigarette.  Eventually, after I have come down, I get a pack of cigarettes and finally take care of that.  About time, man.  I reflect on my trip afterwards... it was immensely good, but I am afraid I could become an acid-head just because I had such a good time.  But then again, the fact that I was MASSIVELY CRACKED OUT for two days might convince me otherwise.  Think constant tiredness, inability to fucking move, MASSIVE FUCKING BACK-ACHE... it was worse than after ecstacy, but then again I always took HTP after E which is probably why I never got cracked out from that.  Anyhow, I stopped feeling cracked out seriously about an hour ago... it has been two days since I tripped, and I am going to get some sleep.<BR>
Acid is definitely something I want to do again, as I had a really positive experience both about the drug and about the rave scene.  I could see myself even now becoming a real participant in it, and this mind-change happened almost overnight... thus, I am one of those hated 'insta-ravers'.  Whatever, I am who I am.<BR>
I also owe an apology to the dude who sold me that acid, because I was bitching cause I thought he had sold me bunk shit.  Turned out it just took three hours to kick in.  -NH