I'm in 8th grade, and at school, my friend said he had some acid. So I decided I should take some. I bought a hit on a sweet-tart for five bucks. I took it in 2nd period. I didnt think it would fuck me up too bad, but then again, I was naive about drugs then. In 20 minutes, it wasn't working so I bought another hit. It was double-dropped. I took it and licked the tin-foil it came in. By the beginning of 3rd period, about 45 minutes later, I was really starting to notice the effects. I was looking at the walls of the classroom and the posters on it were moving. I was like, 'Whoa, this must be the peak.' Man, was I WRONG! It kept getting more and more intense throughout 3rd period, and I lost most coordination and noticed that I was numb. I was like, 'Damn, this is stronger than I thought.' Then, when I moved onto 4th period, it hit me HARD! Colors were moving on the walls and everything looked strobed. I found it hard to navigate my way around the hall when everything looks like a strobe-effect. I looked at my friend, who was aware of my tripping, and he looked like he was made of paper. I started to panic. <BR>
<BR>
Everything changed at this point to terrifying and threatening forms. My friend told me to relax and enjoy it, because feelings are amplified on acid. I went to the 4th period classroom. I was so scared still that I began to pray to God to make it stop. I didnt think he heard me so I wrote it down on my homework - 'God, end the trip'. But I finally chilled. I sat down and relaxed. Everything look so strange. I got out last year's yearbook and talked to the pictures of everybody. But I still was anxious. Everytime i would panic, i would tell myself that it was only the LSD and that it would end soon. Then I went to lunch. Now, the cafeteria was moving and spinning. Colors were everywhere! I was in awe. I didnt eat much, wasn't hungry. It had been about 2 hours since the effects had kicked in, and I was still tripping hard. <BR>
<BR>
Now all this was pretty hard on me psychologically, because I was only thirteen, but I still kept on enjoying. Walking was extremely difficult, as was talking. The effects began to taper off at 5th period. I was still dizzy and coordination was difficult, but I could control myself. At the end of the day, I was straight by the time my mom came to pick me up from school. Ever since then, I have been using numerous drugs at school, from Ketamine to OxyContins to Speed to Pot to X. I feel that school is the coolest place to be high, and I enjoy the challenge of keeping my fucked-upness a secret from teachers. hehe.